Add external mock spec test (#1315)
kyma-incubator/compass: tests/director/external-services-mock-integration/README.md

2. Get an audit log from the mock service based on the application's name
3. Compare the audit log with the request for registering the application.

> ## Mock api spec test scenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API specification scenario
```

> The mock api spec test utilises an endpoint that returns a random API Spec on every call. It performs the following operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API specification test uses the endpoint that returns a random API specification on every call. It performs the following operations:
```

> 1. Register an API Definition with fetch request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register an API Definition with a fetch request.
```

> 2. Fetch the API Spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fetch the API specification.
```

> 3. Refetch API Spec and check if it is different than the previous one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Refetch the API specification and check if it is different from the previous one.
```

> 4. Get the API Definition and check if the API Spec is equal to the newer one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Get the API Definition and check if the API specification is equal to the new one.
```

| **USER_PASSWORD** |    Dex static user password   |  None |
| **DEFAULT_TENANT** | Default tenant value |    `3e64ebae-38b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae` |
| **DOMAIN** | Kyma domain name |    `kyma.local` |

> | **EXTERNAL_SERVICES_MOCK_BASE_URL** | URL to the audit log service | None |

Reviewer 2: Please write also the test scenario in the README

| **USER_PASSWORD** |    Dex static user password   |  None |
| **DEFAULT_TENANT** | Default tenant value |    `3e64ebae-38b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae` |
| **DOMAIN** | Kyma domain name |    `kyma.local` |

> | **EXTERNAL_SERVICES_MOCK_BASE_URL** | URL to the audit log service | None |

Reviewer: Please check parameter names and their descriptions once more.

> | **EXTERNAL_SERVICES_MOCK_BASE_URL** | URL to the mocked external services service| None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **EXTERNAL_SERVICES_MOCK_BASE_URL** | URL to External Services Mock | None |
```
